---

title: "#4 - Awesomeness"
date: '2012-05-06T23:23:00.000-07:00'
author: Aarongilly
tags:
- TV/MOVIES
- TECH
modified_time: '2013-02-10T15:27:09.043-08:00'
thumbnail: http://3.gvt0.com/vi/NPoHPNeU9fc/0.jpg
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-2842965021457548135.post-146390638011345235
blogger_orig_url: https://www.aarongilly.com/2012/05/3-awesomeness.html
---
{: style="color: orange"}
Motto: As Google as it gets

A long time ago, somebody asked me "what was I passionate about". I didn't have a good answer for them then. I think I stuttered something about "movies" or something else that wasn't really an answer. I have a good answer for that now. I'm passionate about Google. Long story short. Google is the best at what it does, and it does a lot of things. Another blogger I conspire with wrote a great post about Google Plus. I agree with everything she said and would like to comment on the record how pretty she is. I could really go on forever about every little thing Google does and why it is awesome... but instead I'll move on to other awesome topics.

I watched THE AVENGERS. You can read any online review you want, but I think you don't need to know anything more than the following - Aaron's review of "The Avengers"

The Avengers
It was AWESOME.

That's it. No question about it. It was great and everyone should watch it. ([proof](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOrNdBpGMv8))

Also in the news of the awesome: One week from today I will be the proud owner of a Bachelor's of Science from the University of Kansas in Electrical Engineering.

So that's cool. More on that at a later date.

Last awesome news: I just manually updated my Nexus to Android 4.0.4. I got tired of waiting for Verizon to start pushing the update out.
{: style="color: red"}
Top 5: Superhero Movies of All Time ("The Incredibles" not included)
{: style="color: red"}
5. Thor
4. X-Men: First Class
3. Iron Man
2. The Dark Knight
1. The Avengers
{: style="color: red"}
{: reversed="reversed"}

## Quote:
{: style="color: green"}
> "My childhood disagrees with you" - Danielle Fuller, after I told her boybands weren't the awesomest thing ever
{: style="color: green"}