---

title: "#5 - Aaron Gillespie, owner of a B.S. in Electrical Engineering"
date: '2012-05-15T18:12:00.000-07:00'
author: Aarongilly
tags:
- LIFE
modified_time: '2013-02-10T15:26:08.069-08:00'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-2842965021457548135.post-1792146076839077852
blogger_orig_url: https://www.aarongilly.com/2012/05/5-aaron-gillespie-owner-of-bs-in.html
---
{: style="color: orange"}
# Motto: Why yes, I can Engineer that for you...

I walked across the floor of Allen Fieldhouse. I walked down the hill. I walked out of The University of Kansas with a Bachelor's of Science in Electrical Engineering; thus ending my streak of 18 straight years in a formal education institution. If I had just listened to my gifted teacher in high school I would have been done in 17 years. Film was a mistake... but I'm glad I made it. Things would have been different if I hadn't, and I like the way things turned out.

This is not to say I wouldn't change some things if I could go back. I could have taught myself how to study. How to do homework. How to work with my peers. How to have a fun life.

Brief overview of college (the way it was):

I studied film for a year and a half
I switched to (after many changes in a two week span) Electrical Engineer
I met many of what I now consider to be my best friends
I lived to two of the best friends I've ever had
I met a special lady
I RA'd for over 120 people, liked many of them! Will miss a lot of them dearly
I went to the Orange Bowl and watched KU win over Virginia Tech in a nail-biter
I watched 2 National Championship games in Allen Fieldhouse, one of which we won
I quit blogging
I started blogging again (hopefully for good this time)
I got my first Android phone (for those of you who know me, you know how big this is)
I learned calculus, embraced the inner nerd
I watched Hot Rod, The Boondock Saints 2, and all the Avengers movies in theaters
I worked for and with some great people both in the summers and during the year
I grew about 2 inches
I gained about 50 pounds
There really is no way to list everything that should be listed. I'm going to leave it there. This post has been dogging me. I know it's a big post. The first post after the close of me undergraduate career. What's next?

{: style="color: red"}
# Top 5: Things I learned in college
{: style="color: red"}
5. Computer coding
4. Circuit design
3. Calculus
2. How the engineering design process works
1. How to twirl my pen around my thumb.

{: style="color: green"}
# Quote:
{: style="color: green"}
> "Schooooool's out for summer! Schoooooool's out forever!" - Alice Cooper -