---
title:  "#376 - Test New Post!"
header:
  teaser: "/assets/images/Mugshot.png"
categories: 
  - Meta
tags:
  - Meta
  - Nerdcred
---

I said I was interested in changing up The Column. This is me doing that.

The new & improved Column is mostly for my own benefit. I'm excited to be able to write posts using **markdown**, which has been my flavor of the month for the past two or three months running. If you don't know what it is, don't worry about it.

## The Implications

The format of all future posts may look more like this and less like posts #2 thru #375. Internal links to previous posts will (probably) stop working. I plan on keeping my Top 5 and Quotes sections, so not much is changing. At least not on that front. You're going to probably start seeing a lot more structure in each given post, though. Section headings and the like will be more prevalent, which is what I've been wanting to move toward.

# Top 5: Benefits of the New Setup

0. I feel cooler
0. I get more control over how this looks (although right now it's very much *not* something I've got a handle on)
0. I have a local repository of my posts on my computer
0. I can write using Mardown, in a text editor, & do version control via [GitHub](http://www.github.com), all of which makes me feel cool
0. I get to practice using all of the above, so I could (in theory) apply those skills to other projects.
{: reversed="reversed"}

There will actually be better benefits once I figure out all my newfound powers. Like [internal references][references].

# Quote:

> **You and Markdown, man. Ugh.**  
> *- Nick*

[references]: http://gillespedia.com