---
title:  "#376 - New Column!"
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/writing-header.jpg
  caption: "Photo credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com)"
  actions:
    - label: "Unsplash is a great resource"
      url: "https://unsplash.com"
tags:
  - META
  - NERDCRED
---

I said I was interested in changing up The Column. This is me doing that. For future reference, this is the first post I'm writing after my move from Blogger to a GitHub Pages-hosted Jekyll-based personal blog using a barely-modified [minimal mistakes](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/) theme. 

The new & improved Column is mostly for my own benefit. I'm excited to be able to write posts using **markdown**, which has been my flavor of the month for the past two or three months running. If you don't know what it is, don't worry about it. Mostly it makes *quite* exctied to write more.

## The Implications

The format of all future posts may look more like this and less like posts #2 thru #375. Internal links to previous posts will (probably) stop working - and the formatting from those old posts may or may not look like garbage, I'm not too worried abou tit. I plan on keeping my **Top 5** and **Quotes** sections, so not much is changing. At least not on that front. You're going to probably start seeing a lot more structure in each given post, though. Section headings are a big reason I like Markdown & will be more prevalent.

Soon I'll figure out how to do internal links to section headers & include a table of contents with each.

# Top 5: Benefits of the New Setup

0. I feel cooler
0. I get more control over how this looks (although right now it's very much *not* something I've got a handle on)
0. I have a local repository of my posts on my computer
0. I can write using Mardown, in a text editor, & do version control via [GitHub](http://www.github.com), all of which makes me feel cool
0. I get to practice using all of the above, so I could (in theory) apply those skills to other projects.
{: reversed="reversed"}

There will actually be better benefits once I figure out all my newfound powers. Like footnotes[^1].

# Quotes

> **You and Markdown, man. Ugh.**  
> *- Nick*

> **COWABUNGA!**  
> *- The Cookie Monster, who's quickly become my favorite philosopher*

[^1]: "See what I mean?"
